Realm react contribution guide (#4963)
realm/realm-js: packages/realm-react/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guide
## Introduction

> We are extremely happy for any contributions to `@realm/react`.  Realm is a very busy team and has many things to work on.  If you are having an issue with this package and want to take it on yourself, feel free to open a PR and we will help guide you to get it merged.

Reviewer: Aren't we all busy? It slightly hints that a contributor might not be. I would probably leave that out.

```suggestion
We are extremely happy for any contributions to `@realm/react`.  While we (the Realm team) are working hard to provide you the best possible experience as developers, we have a long backlog of things we want to do. If you are having an issue with or an idea for this package and want to take it on yourself, feel free to open a PR and we will help guide you to get it merged.
```

That being said, the following should be considered along with the code changes:
* Regression tests that fail without the code changes and pass with the code changes
  * Make sure the tests suite is passing before writing any code or new tests
  * It is recommended to write a failing tests first, before making any changes
* Run the `eslint` and `tsc` before opening your PR for review
  * `npm run build`
  * `npm run lint`
* Add comments explaining any non-obvious changes
* If you are making changes to the interfaces, please update the tsdoc blocks as well
* Please consult the general [realm-js contribution guide](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Building and Running the Tests
`realm-js` is a monorepo that uses `lerna` to dynamically link dependencies.  In the case of `@realm/react`, the `realm` library is linked into the package.  Therefore, one must build `realm` in order to run the `@realm/react` tests.  There is already a [guide for building realm](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/blob/master/contrib/building.md), but an abridged version is provided here.

> It is assumed you are already setup to run a `react-native` project and are on a mac (if not see the [guide for building realm](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/blob/master/contrib/building.md)), so a good amount of the required [pre-req steps](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/blob/master/contrib/building.md#setup-instructions-for-macos) are already accomplished.  On requirement is `cmake`, which can be installed with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is assumed you are already setup to run a `react-native` project and are on a mac (if not see the [guide for building realm](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/blob/master/contrib/building.md)), so a good amount of the required [pre-req steps](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/blob/master/contrib/building.md#setup-instructions-for-macos) are already accomplished.  One requirement is `cmake`, which can be installed with:
```

Reviewer: Perhaps the guide on building the root package should be simplified instead? It feels a bit wet (`!dry`) to repeat it here. It might very well change in the future and it would be good to simply update it once.

Author: That's a good point.  I'll leave it as is for now, but I agree, that we should simplify the building instructions for `realm` and then just link to those instructions from here.
